README.md, before:

# Indeed Open Source Repository Template

![OSS Lifecycle](https://img.shields.io/osslifecycle/indeedeng/default-template.svg)


A default template repository we can use to bootstrap new open source projects. Replace this text with an overview of your project and what it does.

Update the OSSLifeCycle shield above with the name of your repository (i.e. replace `default-template.svg` with `YOUR-REPOSITORY-NAME.svg`)

Your README.md should contain the following sections:

## Getting Started

How does a user get started using this project?

## Getting Help

How does a user ask questions if they are stuck?

## How To Contribute

What does a user need to know if they want to start contributing? If this information is extensive, capture it in a CONTRIBUTING.md file and link to that file here.

## Project Maintainers

Who are the project maintainers, and how can they be reached?

## Code of Conduct
This project is governed by the [Contributor Covenant v 1.4.1](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). (Review the Code of Conduct and remove this sentence before publishing your project.)

## License
This project uses the [Apache 2.0](LICENSE) license. (Update this and the LICENSE file if your project uses a different license.)

Commit message:

simple proof of concept to quickly demonstrate the idle conn re-use after dns updates

README.md, after:

![OSS Lifecycle](https://img.shields.io/osslifecycle/indeedeng/default-template.svg)

This project is a proof-of-concept which demonstrates [incorrect behavior](https://github.com/golang/go/issues/23427) with Golang's DNS resolver & connection re-use with
the http client.

If you execute `run.sh`, then following happens:
1. two interfaces eth10 and eth11 on 10.0.0.1 and 10.0.0.2 are created respectively
2. go run's the dns.go main
3. go run's the dns.go main with --close-idle-conns flag set
4. cleans up the two interfaces

If you execute and see the message `failed test` in the first half of the output, the bug occurred.

The bug demonstrated in the dns.go is the following:

A DNS server is started on :8053 and it contains a single A record for `foo.service.` in `10.0.0.1`.
The default go resolver is switched on and the resolver dialer is set to point to the `:8053` dns server.

Then an HTTP server is started on `10.0.0.1:8080`, and a second HTTP server is started on `10.0.0.2.:8080`. 

Finally, an HTTP request is made to the A address, `foo.service:8080` and the contents of the response is printed.
The A record of `foo.service.` is updated to point to `10.0.0.2`. Then an HTTP request is made again to the A address,
`foo.service:8080`. If Go does the right thing, it will hit the HTTP server on `10.0.0.2:8080` and exit 0. If Go does
the wrong thing, it will hit the first HTTP server on `10.0.0.1:8080` and exit 1.

## Project Maintainers
- @cnmcavoy

## Code of Conduct
This project is governed by the [Contributor Covenant v 1.4.1](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). (Review the Code of Conduct and remove this sentence before publishing your project.)

## License
This project uses the [Apache 2.0](LICENSE) license. (Update this and the LICENSE file if your project uses a different license.)
